Release 0.12.0 (#1689)
vmware-tanzu/antrea: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## 0.12.0 - 2020-12-22

Includes all the changes from [0.11.1].

### Added

- Add support for rule-level AppliedTo for Antrea-native policies. ([#1396](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea/pull/1396), [@Dyanngg])
  * Ability to select different endpoints on which to apply the different rules within the same policy, without having to define multiple policies
  * For a given policy, either the policy-level AppliedTo field must be used, or the rule-level AppliedTo fields
- Add support for port ranges in the rules of Antrea-native policies. ([#1557](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea/pull/1557), [@GraysonWu])
- Introduce the FlowAggregator, an [IPFIX mediator] implementation to collect, process and export flow records generated by the Antrea Agents. ([#1671](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea/pull/1671) [#1677](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea/pull/1677), [@srikartati] [@dreamtalen] [@zyiou])
  * Built using the [go-ipfix] library

>   * Processed flow records exported by the FlowAggregator are not missing any K8s contextual information (e.g. source / destination Pod names)

Reviewer: This sentence is not very easy to understand to me. Does it mean "processed flow records" "exported by FlowAggregator"? Could we remove "processed"?

  * It is recommended to always deploy the FlowAggregator when using the FlowExporter feature, as opposed to sending records directly from the Agent to a third-party collector
  * Refer to the [Flow Exporter] documentation for more information
- Add ability to sort by "effective priority" when listing internal NetworkPolicy resources (computed by the Controller) with antctl: priorities are sorted in the effective order in which they are enforced. ([#1530](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea/pull/1530), [@Dyanngg])
- Add support for IPv6 to the FlowExporter implementation in the Agent. ([#1677](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea/pull/1677), [@lzhecheng] [@antoninbas] [@srikartati])
  * Support for IPv6 IPFIX Information Elements in exported flow records
  * Agent can export flows to an IPFIX collector over IPv6

>   * FlowAggregator is still missing support for IPv6

Reviewer: Would you add a transitioning word, like "Note", "However"?

> - Add new "--k8s-1.15" flag to the  hack/generate-manifest.sh script to enable users to generate an Antrea manifest which is compatible with K8s 1.15 clusters (by default, Antrea requires K8s >= 1.16). ([#1664](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea/pull/1664), [@guesslin])

Reviewer: Would you say "Add support for generating an Antrea manifest which is compatible with K8s 1.15..." before talking about the exact flag?

### Changed

- Update the priority of the default Tiers, to space them out more evenly and to provide more room for user-defined Tiers with higher priority than Emergency. ([#1665](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea/pull/1665), [@abhiraut])
  * This change will impact users who use custom Tiers - in addition to the default Tiers -, as the relative priorities between tiers may change and impact the order in which Antrea-native policies are enforced

>   * Impacted users will need to update the priority values of their custom tiers after upgrading Antrea to restore the enforcement order of their policies

Reviewer 2: Since we technically don't allow Tier updates.. something on the lines of
```suggestion
  * Impacted users will need to recreate their custom tiers with updated priority values after upgrading Antrea to restore the enforcement order of their policies
```

Author: Thanks, will address before I merge

[Admission webhooks]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/
[Traffic Shaping]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/#support-traffic-shaping
[bandwidth plugin]: https://github.com/containernetworking/plugins/tree/master/plugins/meta/bandwidth
[IPFIX mediator]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6183
[go-ipfix]: https://github.com/vmware/go-ipfix

[0.9.1]: #091---2020-08-21
[0.9.2]: #092---2020-08-27
[0.9.3]: #093---2020-09-03
[0.10.1]: #0101---2020-09-30
[0.10.2]: #0102---2020-11-11
[0.11.1]: #0111---2020-11-20

[@AbdYsn]: https://github.com/AbdYsn
[@abhiraut]: https://github.com/abhiraut
[@alex-vmw]: https://github.com/alex-vmw
[@andrewsykim]: https://github.com/andrewsykim
[@antoninbas]: https://github.com/antoninbas
[@ceclinux]: https://github.com/ceclinux

> [@dumlutimuralp]: https://github.com/dumlutimuralp

Reviewer 3: nit: this should be after dreamtalen alphabetically

[@dreamtalen]: https://github.com/dreamtalen
[@Dyanngg]: https://github.com/Dyanngg

> [@guesslin]: https://github.com/guesslin

Reviewer 3: ditto: should be after GraysonWu

Author: lol thanks, will fix both - I think I had a brain dead moment there :)
